You may need new kids crafts ideas everyday for your kids school project.
Today, I'll make a beautiful wall clock from a paper plate.
Your kids can make it easily for their craft project.
You need a paper plate, red acrylic color, cardboard sheet, brown paper, red paper, black paper, scissors and glue to make this wall clock.
Paint the rim of the paper plate with red acrylic color.
Write the numbers on your wall clock with the help of marker pen.
Make the hands of your wall clock from black paper and paste on the clock.
Make the pendulum frame from cardboard sheet.
Paste brown paper over it to give it an elegant look.
Make a pendulum from cardboard sheet.
Paste a piece of red paper over it.
Paste this pendulum with the clock.
Finally, paste the penulam frame at the bottom of the clock.
Paste a strong thread at the back of the clock.
Your beautiful wall clock is ready.
Subscribe me at ekunji channel. I'll meet you again next Friday with new craft idea.